Adds a warning about manually mounting snapshots managed by ILM (#111883)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/searchable-snapshots/apis/mount-snapshot.asciidoc

Mount a snapshot as a searchable snapshot index.

WARNING: Manual Snapshot Mounting
====
When manually mounting a snapshot that was captured by an Index Lifecycle Management (ILM) policy, be aware of the following:

* **ILM Managed Snapshots:** Snapshots taken by ILM policies are handled automatically by ILM. If you manually mount these snapshots, it can interfere with ILM's automated processes, such as managing or deleting snapshots.

* **Potential Issues:** Manually mounting a snapshot can disrupt ILM actions, like deletions or phase transitions. This can lead to data loss or complications in managing your snapshots.

* **Best Practice:** It's best to let ILM manage your snapshots. If you must manually mount a snapshot, make sure you understand how this affects ILM and manage the snapshot lifecycle separately.

> Always review the documentation and consider the impact on your data management before manually handling snapshots managed by ILM.

Author: Thank you for the feedback! 
I’ve shortened the warning to make it clearer and fixed the formatting issues. I encountered some difficulties with the local build but have resolved those issues now thanks to @szabosteve :)
Based on Dave's feedback, I’ve moved the warning to the section about Searchable Snapshots, where it complements the existing information. In the Mount API description, I’ve added a brief note that links to the warning for further details.

[[searchable-snapshots-api-mount-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

This API mounts a snapshot as a searchable snapshot index. 

> Note that manually mounting {ilm-init}-managed snapshots can <<manually-mounting-snapshots,interfere>> with <<index-lifecycle-management,{ilm-init} processes>>.

Reviewer: I'd drop this in as a separate paragraph so it's more visible. Also, avoid "note that" - either it should be a callout, or it's just a sentence. technically all documentation is just noting things.

I think that because this can cause problems, and we want to discourage people from using this API in the context of ILM-managed snapshots, I'd say that a little more clearly as well.

```suggestion

Don't use this API for snapshots managed by {ilm-init}. Manually mounting {ilm-init}-managed snapshots can <<manually-mounting-snapshots,interfere>> with <<index-lifecycle-management,{ilm-init} processes>>.
```
